c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\Discord API.exe.config
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\Discord API.exe
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\Discord API.pdb
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\DiscordSharp.dll
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.dll
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\DiscordSharp.pdb
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.xml
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord_API.Form1.resources
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord_API.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord API.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord API.exe
c:\users\boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord API.pdb
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\RedditSharp.dll
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\TwitchCSharp.dll
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Boshy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord API\Discord API\bin\Debug\SpeedrunComSharp.dll
C:\Users\Boshy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lizardly Bot for github\Discord API\bin\Debug\Discord API.exe.config
C:\Users\Boshy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lizardly Bot for github\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord API.exe
C:\Users\Boshy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lizardly Bot for github\Discord API\obj\Debug\Discord API.pdb
